This lesson are gonna
be showing you alert
solar to allow you to highlight
content and give the user
an interactive
component that they
can close if you
add in the button.
And you do have some
options for how it closes.
So you can do a fade option
for it so that kind of fades
it out from the screen
as well as you can just
use the alerts just
as regular alerts to
highlight content.
And also if you're
adding in links,
you cannot in alert link.
And that's going to
take the color of
the parent element when you
are using the various
color classes
that are available
within Bootstrap.
This lesson, we're
gonna be looking at
alerts and alerts allow us
to provide a predefined
way to create alerts.
And these are messages
that you can use to
pop up on the screen
for the user.
So let's set some alert classes.
Within the alert.
We need to specify
it as an alert.
So container alert and
I'll update the text
content in there.
And that provides this
type of component.
Without the color, you're
not gonna be able to
see the full alert box.
So let's alert value of success.
And this is going to return back
a greenish color
for the background.
So the next one
that we can try is
going to be the alert primary.
And this is gonna be using
the primary color for
the alert elements.
Also, there's the
warning colors,
so that creates the orange
colored by default
for the alert.
There's also a danger alerts,
so that's the red
alert by default.
There's also the info alert.
So that gives you another option
for colors for the alerts.
Basically there's these pop-up
boxes that you can use.
You can also use the
secondary and then the
dark and the light alerts.
So those are also options
that you have for
the alerts where
we're setting the
secondary and then
that's the grayish one.
And then the dark one is
gonna be the one that's dark.
The light is going to be sending
the alert as a light alert.
There's also the alert links.
You can add in links within
the alert elements
and set that up.
And then that's going
to look and it's
going to take the
properties of the parent.
If you do have a hyperlink.
Right now, I'm just
not going to link out
to anything with the hyperlink.
So this is just
going to say Link.
And then we'll close off
the anchor tag there.
So that's gonna give us a link.
By default, the links
are gonna be blue,
but it's good to be able to
set a class for the link.
And if you do want them
to be within the alert,
and it is suggested that you
set it as an alert link.
What that will do is
that will just update
the link color to match with
whatever the parent is.
You can have those
across all of them
and it's automatically going
to take the apparent color.
As you can see in the example.
There's also options
for closing Alerts.
Alerts can be dismissible.
And this is something that
can pop up and then the
user can close that.
This is going to
require that we allow
that the jet JavaScript
is available.
So you do need to link to
the JavaScript library in
order to close the
alert box boxes.
And this is gonna be
a little bit more
complex for an alert,
a copy one of these,
and we'll use the fluid
container for this example.
The main parent of the alert
is going to be an alert,
alert success and then allowed
in one more class and it's gonna
be called alert, this miscible.
That's going to create
a dismissible alert.
We need to have a button
within the alert.
It's gonna be different
than the anchor tag.
And adding in the button
is going to give the user
the option to click that
button and dismiss the alert.
Setting up a button,
type elements and
give it a class.
And the class is
going to be a button,
dash close class, which
will show up as a
default close option.
And the data is
going to be data BS.
And what it's gonna
do is dismiss.
You need to add that
into the attribute that
it's a dismissible
for the alert.
And the alert is whatever is
contained within
the parent object.
So basically that
gives us the x.
When the X gets clicked than
that alert is going
to disappear.
That just adds another
option when you are
creating the alerts to
make it a dismissible.
And then whatever we have
for the apparent color,
both of them are gonna show up.
When you click them.
That's going to close
and they're going to
disappear from the
view of the screen.
There's also, you
can do an animated.
These are also additional
classes that you can add in.
Let's copy this again and
we'll create a few
more, one of them.
So keep all of the same.
Then we can do a feed and
show that will fade it out,
which is different than just
dismissing it right away.
So that's using the feed option.
And with the fade by default,
if you don't add in the show,
it's not going to
actually show the alert.
So it's gonna show
it as already faded.
That's why you need
to add in both of
the classes in order to
be able to see them.
And then let's update
these so that they
are different than the
other alert boxes.
We've got the primary
info, danger and success.
You can use all of the colors
for the parents just as we did.
And this is another option.
So typically if you
want to have an alert
that hides and
shows that you can
select it and have the user
interact with these
alert options.